Added k3-fragments plugin (#1424)
getkirby/getkirby.com: content/plugins/genxbe/fragments/plugin.txt

Title: Fragments

----

Repository: https://github.com/genxbe/k3-fragments

----

Category: templating

----

> Description: Kirby3 Fragments is a small string/translation helper. You can use fragments in your code 'laravel/blade' style and optionally translate them on site or page level. Additionaly you can pass placeholders to the fragment. A perfect solution for translation of static labels etc... But can also be used to make other 'static' content manageable via the CMS.

Reviewer: The description is quite long for the layout on the plugins page. Suggestion for a shorter version:

```suggestion
Description: Small string/translation helper for fragments 'laravel/blade' style. Supports translating fragments (e.g. static labels) on site or page level and passing placeholders to fragments.
```
